chore: update release notes for `1.0.0-rc.1` (#1865)
shorebirdtech/shorebird: RELEASE_NOTES.md

This section contains past updates we've sent to customers via Discord.

> ## 1.0.0-rc1 (April 4, 2024)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1.0.0-rc.1 (April 4, 2024)
```

- ⭐ Speed up handling of sync* methods on iOS by 100x

This release contains all fixes we intended for 1.0.  Unless any critical bugs
come in in the next few days, we will release 1.0 next Monday!

Dropped support for `shorebird release ios` for flutter versions earlier than
3.19.5 since those all contain the "beta" and "alpha" iOS engines.  Patching
is still possible for existing releases.

> 📚 Release notes can be found at https://github.com/shorebirdtech/shorebird/releases/tag/v1.0.0-rc1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📚 Release notes can be found at https://github.com/shorebirdtech/shorebird/releases/tag/v1.0.0-rc.1
```
